She's running and running up the hill!
With 200 meters to go,
All Haiyu is chasing her!
Go!
Sounds of Earth is also moving up!
But she remains in the lead! Kitasan Black!
Sounds of Earth is in second!
Sounds of Earth!
Third place, Cheval Grand, is closing in!
But in first, it's Kitasan Black!
And Kitasan Black outruns them all!
I did it! I won!
Kita-chan!
This race was truly my idea of eccitazione!
Second place in a G1 race! Nice!
Impressive results.
It really is something.
Uh, it is...
Man, I've got nothing left to teach her, huh?
Third place...
V
e
r
x
i
n
a
V
i
v
l
o
s
I really did it!
Yeah. That was a great job!
Your third G1 win, and in
the Japan Cup, no less.
It's cool that you won on
your biggest stage yet!
Okay, the Arima Kinen comes next!
It'll be payback for last time!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 7
Our Arima Kinen
Who'd you vote for in the Arima?
Arima Kinen Fan Vote
Kitasan Black and Cheval Grand.
Yeah, those two are the top
choices in the senior class.
But in the classics group,
it's gotta be Satono Diamond!
She was amazing at the Kikkashou!
She's always had potential, but
she had that string of bad luck.
They're both the representatives
for their generations,
so seeing them against each
other should be something.
Third place in the Japan Cup.
You almost had it.
You put up a great fight, though! Congrats!
Well, sure...
Y'know, it feels like it's been a
while since the three of us met up.
The other day we were celebrating my
win, but Chevacchi couldn't make it.
I had other plans...
You did?
It's wonderful that you won the last
tiara at the Shuukashou, Vivlos.
Well, I can't be like you,
getting beat by Gentil-san and ending
up in second place all the time!
Oh, you want to go there?
The Arima is next for you, right, Cheval?
Yeah, I guess.
You should get your first G1
win at the Arima, Chevacchi!
It'd be nice if all three
of us could have G1 wins.
Sure would!
Let's eat something tasty today
and then get back to practice.
My older sister got second place
in all the Triple Tiara races,
and has won the Victoria Mile
multiple times.
Yeah! Let's do it!
Even my younger sister, Vivlos,
won a G1 race before me.
Wow...
I'm the only one with nothing to show yet.
I can't lose again!
Chevacchi, if you're not
gonna eat yours, I'll take it.
Not to anyone else!
Fukunaga Shopping District
Okay, and that's that!
Thanks again, Kita-chan.
Feels kinda bad, making a horse girl with
three G1 wins help us out like that.
Oh, come on, don't worry about that!
Hey, Kita-chan! Congrats on the Japan Cup!
Thank you so much!
I voted for you in the fan poll, Kita-chan.
Good luck at the Arima!
Right! I get to run with Dia-chan this
year, so I'm really looking forward to it!
We'll all have to be there
to root for you again.
We're looking forward to the Winning
Concert after the race, too!
Whether I win or lose...
Well, no, I don't intend to lose,
so I'll make sure it's the
best performance possible!
Yo, Kita-chan from the festival!
Yeah! I'll make sure it's a memorable one!
Yo, it's a Kita-chan festival!
Yo!
Goal
Kita-san looks pretty good.
She does.
Yeah. I'm expecting even better results
at the Arima than she had last year.
That's something to look forward to.
Kitasan looks fearsome.
Yes.
There...
Kita-chan!
You doing anything after this?
Oh, not really.
In that case, come hang with me for a bit.
Tasty!
Delicious!
You seem to be doing pretty well.
Yeah! I've been feeling so excited.
I must be excited to be running
at the Arima Kinen with Dia-chan.
I see.
It's all because of you, y'know.
Me?
Yeah.
Your Arima Kinen win was incredible. Truly.
You grabbed everyone's attention,
and when you crossed the goal,
it was like the entire track
started to light up and shine...
I saw it in that moment.
It was the same kind of stage that
could create a star like my Dad...
Glamorous and beautiful,
like something out of a dream
that grabs the heart and never lets go.
So, we made a promise.
That one day, we'd run together
on a big stage like that.
That we'd give it everything we had in an
amazing race like the one we saw that day.
Dia-chan's been my friend
for such a long time now.
Whenever only one of us had something,
we'd split it between us.
But there's no sharing first place
at Arima, and we can't split it, either.
The same Arima Kinen I was
frustrated at last year.
Since then, I've trained a
whole bunch, I've worked hard,
I've won, and I've built myself up.
When we were little, I could never beat
Dia-chan in footraces or at jumping rope.
But this time, in this race,
I'm going to win!
Looks like you're doing fine.
I was wondering,
since being in good shape doesn't mean
you're doing great mentally, sometimes.
Teio-san...
Good luck, Kita-chan.
Right!
I'd like to win the Arima Kinen
and start being considered
the star horse girl of my generation!
Maybe I'm getting carried away?
Hong Kong G1 Victory Celebration
I didn't think your first G1 victory
would be in an overseas race.
Yeah, I thought the same thing. But...
After winning, I finally understood.
Just how significant and
joyful it is to win a G1 race.
Crown-chan...
And maybe that's thanks to you, Dia.
When you won the Kikkashou,
you broke the Satono jinx.
It's not like that...
Lately, a lot of the other Satono
girls have been doing well, right?
And some of them are talking about
you creating a whole new jinx.
I guess I'll have to disprove that one next.
Still, thank you, Dia.
The fact is, your efforts at the
Kikkashou definitely lit a fire in me.
It's fine, Crown-chan...
I could say the same thing to you.
I want to be like you, too.
I'm thinking of taking on
some global races next year.
So, in this Arima Kinen...
There's someone I absolutely need to beat.
You mean Kitasan?
You mentioned how you promised
each other to race at the Arima
when you were little.
That's a big part of it. But...
By winning against the person
I think is the strongest right now,
I'll prove I'm the best in Japan.
Then I can move onto representing
the country as I pursue
ultimate glory for the Satono family.
With my own hands.
Dia...
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Looking good, Earth-chan!
No problems here. I'm feeling
as leggiero as can be!
So, you think you can win the Arima?
It won't be a problem, Mademoiselle Nature.
I can guarantee you this:
I will run in a fashion comparable
to Gold Ship's spectacular performance!
Golshi-san got eighth place
last year, didn't she?
That's no good!
Yes, but eroicamente!
I have no idea what that means,
but you seem confident!
It's Kitasan Black!
Kitasan seems to have a
lot of momentum as well.
This could be her fourth G1 win.
Yep, she's real strong.
You can tell, 'cuz I said so!
Her growth since the spring has been crazy.
That is true...
Nature-sensei!
I hope I can get more advice later!
Sensei?
Then she's...
Kitasan Black's sensei?
That's amazing!
How come you're her sensei, Nature?
Don't ask me.
Man, Kitasan is pushing too hard.
It's almost time to race, Dia-chan.
It's almost time, Kita-chan.
Dia-chan, who always followed
behind me when we were little.
Kita-chan, who would always take my
hand to show me all kinds of things.
Dia-chan, who's so talented, strong,
pretty, and cool. That's why...
The stage is set, Kita-chan.
I'm gonna win!
I'm going to win!
Hey, you still awake?
Yeah, I am.
Needing to sleep but being unable to...
reminds me of the night before a field trip.
That reminds me of the trip
where I dropped my lunch,
and then you split yours with me.
Did that happen?
We can't share the grand prize, though.
Yeah.
Dia-chan, y'know... I've always
thought you were really amazing.
Even the things I started first, you would
always catch up and then surpass me.
You've always been so talented...
and you're kinda like a little sister,
but so cool and strong.
And now I get to race against
you! I'm really excited.
So am I.
You always work so hard, Kita-chan,
and you're always so cheerful and smiling,
and you make other people happy.
It makes me think about
how strong you must be.
Dia-chan...
We had better get some sleep. Good night.
Yeah. Good night.
Dia-chan?!
Just a dream?
Wait, what time is it?!
What a relief...
Huh? Where is she?
I'm going on ahead
Dia
I guess the race has already
kinda started, hasn't it, Dia-chan?
Okay!
So cold...
As a chilly wind blows,
so too do impassioned ambitions
rise above the Nakayama Racecourse.
It's that time of year again:
the Arima Kinen.
This should be a heck of a race.
What kind of story will we see unfold
at the last grand prix of the year?
There are so many people in attendance.
Enough that it feels warm,
even though it's December.
Yeah!
Here we go...
They're coming out.
In the fan vote before the race,
Kitasan Black came in first.
But Satono Diamond is the
favorite to win it, apparently.
Who are you rooting for?
You're seriously asking? You should know.
Kitasan Black
Satono Diamond
It was a silly question.
I'd say all attention has to be on these two.
Correct.
After her long-awaited G1
victory at the Kikkashou,
she's earned a reputation as the strongest
among the classics group, Satono Diamond!
Versus the winner of the previous year's
Kikkashou, with three G1 wins to her name,
Kitasan Black, defending her
position in the senior class!
The final grand prix of the year...
Which I suppose makes this
an air on the string of G.
I can't run another pathetic race.
Not in front of them. Never again.
The race is just about to begin.
Dia-chan.
Dia-chan, let's have...
Let's have a good race, fair and square!
I'm going to win, Kitasan Black.
Dia-chan's really focused...
I'd better be, too.
How do these 100,000 cheers
resonate in the ears of the horse
girls as they head to the starting line?
They continue to enter their gates.
What kind of race—what kind of drama are
we about to see unfold at the Arima Kinen?
And they're off.
Kitasan Black is running on
the inside after a good start.
All Haiyu is following her
lead, running next to her.
Go!
In the struggle for first place,
Read Fantasy is pushing hard early.
Kitasan Black is right behind her.
Satono Diamond is in the middle of the pack,
but you can see her green
racing dress moving up.
And the horse girls are greeted
with 100,000 cheers
as they round the fourth corner of the
first lap, now in the first home stretch.
Read Fantasy is in the lead, with Kitasan
Black uncontested in second place,
followed by All Haiyu and Great House.
Listen to that...
That's the Arima for you.
For real.
Not bad, but don't fall for it, Kitasan.
As they enter the first corner,
the runners seem to be quietly
taking stock of the situation.
The first 1,000 meters were
covered in 61 seconds,
and Read Fantasy is running out
in front in sprightly fashion.
Six to seven lengths behind her is the
number one runner, Kitasan Black.
Is this too fast?
No, I should be able to handle it now!
And now, as if she's marked Kitasan Black,
Satono Diamond moves up into third place.
Number six, Sounds of Earth,
was second place in last year's race.
Earth!
And number 14, Cheval Grand,
is also on the move.
You can do it!
Going into the third corner, there's
less than 600 meters left in the race.
I can do this, I can do this, now's the time!
There's very little space between
first and second place now.
Kitasan Black has closed in to just
about half a length's distance!
She is steadily gaining ground!
She's gonna try to pass?
But it's looking good!
There you go, come on!
Keep it going!
Don't let 'em pass you!
You can do it, Kita-chan.
Rounding the fourth corner
and into the final straight!
And 100,000 cheering voices once
again rumble across the turf of Nakayama.
Read Fantasy seems to be struggling.
Kitasan Black's lead is growing!
And as if signaled by
Kitasan Black, All Haiyu,
Satono Diamond, and Cheval Grand
start moving up!
The most popular horse girls are
now all pushing their way forward!
There! The goal!
Kitasan Black is going for it!
She's begun her last spurt!
Go!
Will she be able to turn Nakayama
into a festival this year?!
Go!
But she's not gaining much!
The group near the front
isn't letting her get away!
Is Kitasan Black struggling?!
Satono Diamond is making her way up!
She's here! But—
Kitasan Black pushes again!
Keep going!
She always passes me, but not today!
Satono Diamond is moving up!
She's on the tail of Kitasan Black again!
All Haiyu is hanging on too!
But there's Satono Diamond!
We're looking at a three-way battle
between the top horse girls!
Keep going!
Go for it!
Keep going, keep going, keep going!
I'm going for it!
Can she make it?! Will she
make it?! Did she make it?!
On the outside, and just barely!
It's Satono Diamond!
Satono Diamond comes out on
top in this climactic clash!
She's demonstrated ability that will make
her really shine in the senior class!
Eighth place, eh? Such a sweet melody.
Eighth place! She tried hard!
Congratulations, Dia-chan.
Thanks, Kita-chan!
You were great. I mean, really!
Yeah, so were you!
Guess I couldn't beat you after all!
I was pretty desperate too, y'know.
Since I've been chasing you
this entire time, Kita-chan.
I see...
Let's do a good job at the Winning Concert!
I told the folks from the market
I'd put on a great show for them.
Sure.
We've never been on stage
together like this before, huh?
Yeah, it's kinda nerve-wracking.
Me too.
Y'know, they say if you write the
kanji for "festival" on your hand—
Kita-chan, it's starting.
Yeah!
It was a good race, but...
I'm seeing her from behind again.